W-19212416-fips-dm (#3180)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/fips-140-2-compliance-support.adoc

----
+
. Register the security provider in the security properties file in the `$JAVA_HOME/conf/security/java.security` folder so that only the Bouncy Castle providers are set.

> . Copy the 3 files downloaded to `/lib/boot` (needed for Mule runtime) and `/mule-agent-plugin/lib` (needed for Mule Agent) folders in Mule runtime.

Author: ```suggestion
. Copy the 3 files downloaded to `/lib/boot` (needed for Mule runtime) and `/mule-agent-plugin/lib` (needed for Runtime Manager agent) folders in Mule runtime.
```

. Run `amc_setup` and register Mule runtime. For example, in *Add Server*, you find the registration token `/amc_setup -H d32c4bde-7184-444a-bd87-7a274623e14f---704247 node10  --fips`, where `d32c4bde-7184-444a-bd87-7a274623e14f---704247` is the key from Anypoint Runtime Manager.
+

> When configuring Mule Agent, include the `--fips` flag to enable FIPS compliance. If you're using Government Cloud, also include the `--region us_gov` flag:

Author: ```suggestion
When configuring Runtime Manager agent, include the `--fips` flag to enable FIPS compliance. If you're using Government Cloud, also include the `--region us_gov` flag:
```

. Register the security provider in the security properties file in the `$JAVA_HOME/conf/security/java.security` folder so that only the Bouncy Castle providers are set.
. Copy the 3 files downloaded to `/lib/boot` (needed for Mule runtime) and `/mule-agent-plugin/lib` (needed for Mule agent) folders in Mule runtime.
. Run `amc_setup` and register Mule runtime. For example, in *Add Server*, you find the registration token `/amc_setup -H d32c4bde-7184-444a-bd87-7a274623e14f---704247 node10  --fips`, where `d32c4bde-7184-444a-bd87-7a274623e14f---704247` is the key from Anypoint Runtime Manager.
+

> When configuring Mule Agent, include the `--fips` flag to enable FIPS compliance. If you're using Government Cloud, also include the `--region us_gov` flag:

Reviewer: Is it "Mule Agent" or "Mule agent"? I see "Mule agent" on line 72

Author: Mule Agent plugin. I'll fix the other entry.
